*Spoilers for Young Sheldon Season 7*

I have been watching Young Sheldon while having meals for about the past 15 days. Today morning, I sat down to watch the 13th episode of the last season. I didn't know what I was in for. It is the episode in which Sheldon's father, George dies of a heart attack. I knew this was going to happen. I had seen clips of the episodes before on social media. Yet the moment the news was delivered to Mary that George has passed, it made me cry. I cried throughout the rest of the episode. Every scene was so well done. Sheldon replaying the last moments with his father and thinking of things he could have said. Mary relying a lot on religion and sort of abandoning her kids when they needed her the most. Georgie stepping up to be the man of the house. Connie crying throughout the episode. Missy lashing out because she is devastated. All of them acted so freaking well! Everything was so on point, the music, the scenes, the pacing. I have never cried like this while watching something. This is one episode of any show that I am going to remember for a long while.

I have been so off my game recently, and by recently I mean the last couple of months if not more. I am not thinking as much these days, not trying to learn as much. I don't have ideas as often and learning something takes a whole lot more time. And I am not as eager to learn as I was about a year back. I don't want to get into the reasons for this, as that is something I have thought a lot about and don't want to think about anymore. What I want to focus on is to get back to that level of thinking and improve on it. 

I have finished my undergrad basically, and will now be doing master's. I am interested in soft matter and non-equilibrium statistical physics. I will be writing a post about soft matter physics once I have read more about it. The point is, I want to work in these areas, and hopefully get to a point where I can start thinking about an open problem in the next couple of years. For that I need a solid foundation in statistical mechanics, kinetic theory and (I think) statistical field theory. Studying these topics have their own pre-requisites. The plan is to start now and work slowly but steadily to understand these topics well. Currently, I am working through *Soft Condensed Matter* by Richard Jones and *Statistical Physics* lecture notes by Prof. David Tong. I will also start reading *Statistical Physics Of Particles* by Mehran Kardar, as it is a very modern treatment of the subject and the techniques discussed in the textbook are useful for working on current problems. I don't have an exact timeline on what I want to finish by when, and I am pretty shaky on some of the pre-requisites. But, the goal is to keep at it. Right now, I just want my brain to not feel as sluggish as it does these days. I have a pretty long summer at home and I don't want to completely waste that. 
