## I Don't Feel Good

It has been so long since I last posted. I honestly forgot about the blog for sometime, but then I remembered and have been wanting to sit down and write something down. As you can probably tell from the title, this is not going to be the most optismistic thing you are going to read today. So, if you don't want to ruin your mood, then this would be a good time to click off. If anyone has stayed, this one might feel like one big rant, and I apologise in advance for that.

As I must have mentioned in some previous post, I have finished my undergrad in Physics. I have since then started graduate school. I didn't even realise, but it has been one month since I came here. It has been mostly good, better than I expected if I am being honest. But for the past few days, I haven't been feeling good. I don't exactly know what it is, and that is why I haven't really talked about it with anyone. I have been unempathetic because of this, and it makes me feel even worse. I feel kind of numb, and I am not really able to work that well because of it. There are so many things I wanted to do, and I have so much time today, but I am just unable to concetrate. 

I don't know if this is just in my head, but I don't feel like I am heard by the person closest to me. She is very curious about my day, listens very intently when I tell the details to her. But when I start talking about something that is exciting to me, the reaction is more often than not kinda underwhelming, and then I feel like I shouldn't have said anything at all. We talk a lot, upwards of an hour everyday, but for some reason our conversations don't feel as meaningful to me as they once did. I feel myself not opening up like I used with her. I think about saying something, and then don't say it. 

Here, I would like to clarify, that this person is not a monster. In fact, she is one of the best person I know. She has been there for me countless times, and has given me so much confidence about myself. I feel like shit feeling this way, but I am just not able to shake it off. I should have this conversation with her, but I don't want to. I feel like it will only be me saying things, and her listening and not saying a word. And then I'll feel worse. I feel like saying these will be asking for too much. 

And while feeling all this, I can't help but think, "Is there something I am doing wrong?" Maybe I am expecting too much. She has a lot on her plate right now, and I don't want to add to it. I just needed to get this out, somewhere. I'll ponder about this, hopefully reaching some satisfactory conclusion. Hopefully, I'll feel better soon. 
